1.Write a program which accept sentence from user and print that sentence.   

	Input : My name is   Output : My name is
   
2.Write a program which accepts a string from user which contains a characters from ‘b’ to ‘y’.   

	Input : mn jn kn kazfd  Output : mn jn kn k   

3.Write a program which accept sentence from user and print number of small letters, capital letters and digits from that sentence.   

	Input : abcDE 5Glm1 O   Output : Small:5 Capital: 4 Digits: 2   

4.Write a program which accept sentence from user and print length of that sentence (Implement strlen()).   
	
	Input : India is my   Output : 11   

5.Write a program which accept sentence from user and print number of white spaces from that sentence.   

	Input : In my company   Output : 2    

6.Write a program which accept sentence from user and print number of words from that sentence.   

	Input : In my company   Output : 3   

7.Write a program which accept sentence from user and print number of words of even and odd length from that sentence.   

	Input : In my company   Output : Even: 2 Odd:1   

8.Write a program which accept sentence from user and print last word from that sentence.   

	Input : In my company   Output : company   

9.Write a program which accept sentence from user and position from user and print the word at that position.   

	Input : is my he she 3   Output : he   

10.Write a program to convert the string from upper case to lower case (Implement strlwr()).   

	Input : DevIce DriVer   Output : device driver

11.Write a program to convert the string from lower case to upper case (Implement strupr()).   
	
	Input : DevIce DriVer   Output : DEVICE DRIVER   

12.Write a program which toggles the case of a string.   

	Input : DevIce DriVer   Output : dEViCE dRIvER   

13.Write a program to check whether given strings are Anagram strings or not.   

	Input : abccd cbcda   Output : Strings are anagram   

14.Write a program which accept string from user and copy that string into some another string (Implement strcpy()).   

15.Write a program which accept string from user and copy first N charaters into some destination string (Implement strncpy()).   

	Input : India is my 8   Output : India is   

16.Write a program which accept string from user and accept number N then copy last N character into some another string.   

	Input : India is my 5   Output : is my   

17.Write a program which accept two strings from user and append second string after first string(Implement strcat()).   

	Input : FirStr SecStr   Output : FirStrSecStr   

18.Write a program which accept two strings from user and append N characters of second string after first string(Implement strncat()).   

	Input : FirStr SecStr 4   Output : FirStrSecS   

19.Write a program which accept two strings from user and compare two strings. If both strings are equal then return 0 otherwise return difference between first mismatch character (Implement strcmp()).   
	
	Input : FirStr FirStr   Output : Both strings are equal.   

20.Write a program which accept two strings from user and compare only first N characters of two strings. If both strings are equal till first N characters then return 0 otherwise return difference between first mismatch character (Implement strncmp()).   

	Input : FirStr FirNew 3   Output : Both strings are equal.   

21.Write a program which accept two strings from user and compare two strings without case sensitivity. If both strings are equal then return 0 otherwise return difference between first mismatch character (Implement stricmp()).   

	Input : FirStr FIRStR   Output : Both strings are equal.   

22.Write a program which accept string from user and then reverse the string without taking another string (Implement strrev()).   
	
	Input : Hello World   Output : dlroW olleH  

23.Write a program which accept string from user and then reverse the string till first N characters without taking another string.   

	Input : Hello World 5   Output : olleH World   

24.Write a program which accept string from user and then reverse the string till last N characters without taking another string.   

	Input : Hello World 5   Output : Hello dlroW   

25.Write a program which accept string from user and then accept range and reverse the string in that range without taking another string.   

	Input : Hello World 3 8   Output : HeoW ollrld   

26.Write a program which accept string from user and reverse words from that string.   

	Input : Hello World   Output : olleH dlroW   

27.Write a program which accept string from user and reverse words from that string which are of even length.   

	Input : New HO abcd can  Output : New OH dcba can   

28.Write a program which accept string from user and check whether string is palindrome or not.   

	Input : level    Output : String is palindrome.   

29.Write a program which sets all characters in string to a specific character (Implement strset()).   

	Input : HelloWorld a   Output : aaaaaaaaaa   

30.Write a program which sets first N characters in string to a specific character (Implement strnset()).

	Input : HelloWorld a 8   Output : aaaaaaaald   

31.Write a program which sets first N characters in string to a specific character          

	Input : HelloWorld a 8   Output : Heaaaaaaaa   

32.Write a program which accept string from user and search first occurrence of specific character in string and return the position at which character is found (Implement strchr()).   

	Input : India is my country. M Output : Character m is found at position 1  

33.Write a program which accept string from user and search last occurrence of specific character in string and return the position at which character is found (Implement strchr()).   

	Input : India is my country. n Output : Character m is found at position 1 